Hi.
We didn't this lecture regrowing to learn how to add to navigation and finalize our travel book app
right now.
That may click on this detailed disclosure by them we want to open a navigation so we have to find a
way to detect if the user tapped on this accessory view and there is a function to do that of course.
Remember this is called D the right call out accessory view and this is generally called accessory view.
So if you come over here and search for call out accessory control tapped.
So this is the function that are that we're looking for.
If you double click on this function you will see something like this call out accessory control tapped.
So our call out accessory control in this case the detailed disclosure by them.
OK.
So when a user taps on this button this function will get called automatically so under it is function
we have to open the navigation in order to do that.
I'm just going to control if selected tidily is not an empty string again because why.
Because we're going to need the latitude and longitude in order to just open the navigation and we have
to make sure they are not nil or they do not have any other value than we are looking for.
So if the selected title is not an empty string it means that we have a chosen latitude chosen longitude
and we can safely use them.
Okay.
And the reason why we're using them we're going to leverage a function called leverage a method called
S.L. geo location.
I'm going to show you whether this but we're going to take this imitation latitude and annotation longitude
before we forget the what were those.
Okay.
So we're going to use those in other colored accessory control tapped function.
So what is the CAGR coder that I'm talking about.
If you're right si Alger coder This is an interface for converting between geographic cordons and place
names.
So if you say CAGR coder dot reverse zip code location that will give us some object called place Mark.
And this is what we need to open in the navigation.
Okay.
So we have to use this and this will give us and place Mark and in order to use this as you can see
it asks asks for a location.
So this is kind of a function that we will use to give the location and convert it to a place Mark.
And then we will use that place Mark object to open in navigation.
But before we do that of Curt we need a location every again to create that location by using a notation
latitude and on notation longitude.
And that's the reason why we're checking for if selected title is not empty.
So let's go first see our location and this will just ask for some parameters and easiest way to do
that is to choose this latitude and longitude one.
And we're not going for second location according to these because in the Seattle geo cadre function
that we have seen before it asks for this yet location specifically.
So I'm gonna say annotation latitude and annotation longitude in here.
Okay.
And this will create my Seattle location and I named this request location.
But you can name this whatever you want.
Okay now I can easily come over here under if select the title is not empty string I'm still in this
if block after I create my request location I can just call the Seattle location dot geo reverse thing
that I have shown you and I can give this request location as a parameter so let's do that and see what
we get back.
Sociology or color dot reverse geo called location.
Okay.
This form.
So find one with the Beats location and completion handler so what is a completion handler.
Let me write the location here first so request location and if you come over this completion handler
on the hit Enter you can see that we are getting two outputs back.
So first we are getting an array on in which we have a sealed place Mark objects.
So that's what we were looking for.
Remember we going to use it for our navigation so I'm going to call this place marks.
And the second one will be in there so I'm going to call this error.
So what's a callback.
What's a completion.
So this type is called closure.
Then we get something back from a function and it's called callback function in some of the programming
languages.
It gives us some outputs and we generally get some multiple outputs here like a completion error or
place marks.
So vendor's action completes we get some output as a result of that action action.
And we can decide what to do with next.
For example we can check to see if error is not nil if error is not nil down can display an alert message
to the user or if placed marks is not nil.
We can go ahead and do whatever we want to do.
So I'm gonna do that exactly safe place marks that count is actually bigger than zero then I can create
my place Mark object right.
I can just call new place Mark is an M K place Mark I'm going to get this place Mark from my place Mark's
array so all I'm doing this for is to find a place Mark or object to using my navigation remember and
this is giving us an error.
So let me do a command B to see if this an actual error.
Yes that's an actual error.
It says that place marks is actually optional.
So either we make this force a wrap and I believe it's not too safe and it's not a safe operation to
do that so I'm going to go ahead and use that E flat.
Okay I'm just going to say a flat place Mark equals to place marks.
It means that if place marks is not actually nil.
So if place Mark is equal to place marks that I can come over here.
Safe place Mark dots count is bigger than zero.
So I replaced place marks with that place Mark object.
OK.
And just for a variable name I mean I replace the name place marks with the place Mark.
And in here I believe.
Let's name place Mark.
M.K..
Place Mark.
Yeah.
We have to change this place marks as well because we have renamed this with a flat and since we have
our place Mark we have to create an item a map item.
OK.
You're going to see whether this.
So let me just to write this.
I'm going to say let's item and this will be an M K map item.
OK.
So this is a point of interest on the map.
So this will ask us for a place Mark.
And this is the place Mark that we have been trying to figure out.
And now I can come over here and I can give it a name and you will see why I'm doing this I'm just going
to say chosen title from here so let me see what was our title.
Yeah.
A notation title.
OK.
So let's say our notation title it will display a title for us when we go for navigation and it gives
us an error since we are in a closure we have to say s dot notation title.
Okay.
Remember this is a closure type in order to make this explicit we are referring to a notation title
that we have created before.
Now I can come over here and say item dot opening maps and it will ask me for a launch options and this
is what it's going to bring out the navigation for example let me create this launch options as you
can see this asks for a string to any dictionary and the string that I'm looking for is actually DMK
launch options mode.
OK mult key so I'm going to define my M.K. launch options directions mult key so whether I'm going buy
a car or a bicycle or on food.
So if you write M.K. launch options here I'm going to go for driving.
OK so it will just show me how to navigate between points v driving.
Of course we can change that but this will be the default.
So let me run this and if the Berkes I'm going to take you over all these calls one more one last time
so you will understand it better Don't worry if I click on this it will open the maps and it will just
bring up and navigation I need to ask me for a permission of course I'm going to give it one and here
I am.
This is my current location and it gives me a navigation to the Notre Dame Cathedral.
So that's very cool right.
I can just see how can I go to Notre Dame Cathedral by car or by walk I can choose other options as
well.
But since I made this a default option I'm seeing the driving first.
So I have to bring up the navigation by saying items that open the maps.
And it asks me for it launch options and it's very easy to create that.
But before we do that we have to create this item with a place Mark and we create this place Mark from
Seattle geo coded dot through geo called location and in order to get this place marks array we have
to give in a location so the location will be the annotation glad to do that on notation longitude.
And it says that yet you created it but you didn't change it.
So let me do it with let.
Yes it actually makes more sense.
So I believe that I explained that the reverse way.
So we created the item and it asks for this.
So it asks for that.
It's more easy to understand but maybe even the first time when we were doing it for the first time
it may seem complicated for you as you can see it brings up the navigation for different kinds of places.
So it's working very fine and I believe this is kind of hard to remember by so we have learned a lot
of information during this process right.
But if you understand why we are doing all of the things then it's OK you don't need to remember this
coats you may just taken notes and if somebody asks you to do some app you including a map OK you can
come over here and you can take a look at your notes and you can write it on your own later on.
You don't need to remember anything in here regarding two pinwheel customization regarding to navigation
opening launch options.
If you understand why we're doing all of these things then that's OK.
Furthermore in order not to make the section into a very long one we'll method some operations like
hiding the keyboard.
We omitted some operations like hiding this saved by them.
So you know how to do that right.
If you are to make an app in which you will use this map options and then you will upload it to the
app store then you should definitely implement those functions as well.
But luckily you know how to do that.
So let's stop here and continue within the next section.